Make and abstract Controller for all implemented controllers
Notification should be dependendble to other object or not?
Setting message and other file loading managers
Message relay mechanism in 'Question' object (dependble to 2)
pagination need fix in design and handling missing $_GET['page']
connection and id should be moved to seperate tait or class. 
Connection should resume to default if it cant make connection 
** Connection resume with object tracking using Exception
Serialize and make an light weight object for session
Offline enable apps


One page can have some elment which is sismilar and can resemble same type of element
This type of list of object share same visual appearance. There is chance to have dynamic
CRUD operation
For the other part of page there is some element which is on his own and does not have resembles 
any other element. There visual appearance and positioning is unpredictble and unique. So thus they need
to be hardcoded in template. [This should not be mixed with same looking but different type of element. Those
are enlisted as unique element and there appearance are applied via CSS]

Grouped template have common and seperate template for each element
Single unique element are hardcoded to template instead of subtemplate

Content visibility depending upon user role (needs another table of content-User to map the permission in content level)[It is already done in core permission system]
(note: Who can create content can see them by default. Extra constraint applied from his ACL)

    Locked interaction- Once one authrotive user do some action on content, later
                        visibility or/and authorization locked into him and content creator
    unlocked interaction- Even some interaction happens between content and one of authorised
                          user. still other authoritive user can have visivlity or action authorisation
                          
                          *(Action authorization is custom. action permission is granted by core permission system. user association should be customizable in this module)

Simple pages which does not need to search through can be edited on the place (or in xml files)
    {
        data types=textarea,text,image
        

    }